What is the age of the sun ?
What is the age of the universe ?
How many terrestrial planets are there in the solar system ?
How many moon does Mars have ?
What is the biggest moon in the solar system ?
What is the only moon with an atmosphere in the solar system ?
Which planet has its spinning axis flip, such as the planet "roll" ? 
Which planet was discovered with mathematical predictions ?
What is the name of the outer asteroid belt beyond Neptune ?
What is the biggest object in the main asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter ?
What is the biggest object in the Kuiper belt beyond Neptune ?
Which planets have rings in the solar system ?
What is the name of the four main moons of Jupiter ? 
What is the name of the dust and small object shell all around the solar system ?
What is the closest comparable galaxy from the Milky way ? 
What are the most famous dwarf galaxies around the Milky Way ?
What is the closest star from the solar system ?
What is a "white dwarf" ?
What is a "neutron star" ?
How black holes are created ?
What is the initial composition of the universe (elements) ?
Where does all the water on earth come from ?
How many star are in the Milky Way ?
How many galaxies are in the universe ?
How many planets are the the universe ?
What it the temperature of the surface of the Sun
Which category of star has the shortest life ?
Which category of star has the longest life ?
How long the sun still has to live ?
What are nebulae ?
What are globular clusters ?
What are open clusters ?
Is the light coming from galaxies going away from us red-shifted or blue-shifted ?
What is the name of the physical law that describes the expension of the Universe ?
What are the two main categories of telescopes ?
How long does the light take to travel between the sun and the earth ?
How long does the light take to travel between the moon and the earth ?
How many exoplanets have been detected so far ? 
What was the first satellite in orbit ?
Who was the first human in space ?
When did the first human walk on the moon ?
What is the highest mountain in the solar system ?
What is the most volcanic place in the solar system ?
What is the "red spot" on Jupiter ?
What is the observation spectrum (range) of the James Webb Telescope ?
How many space shuttles were part of the US program ?
What was the iconic rocket of the Apollo program ?
What was the international space station before the ISS
What is the dark matter ?
What are gravitational waves ?
What is a comet ?
What is a solar eclipse ?
What is a lunar eclipse ?
What is the name of the supermassive black hole in the center of the Milky Way ?
How many ojects are in the Messier catalog ?
what does NGC mean ? 
What is the most distant probe ever launched ?
What is the biggest moon of Neptune ?
How thick are Saturn's rings ?
What was the name of the iconic probe which orbited around Saturn ?
What are the names of the two US rover still exploring Mars ?
How long did it took to travel to the moon during the Apollo program ?
How can we know the temperature of  star ?
Are blue stars hotter or colder than the Sun ?
Does an emission nebula emit over a continuous range of wavelength or at certain wavelengths only ?
Does a reflection nebula emit over a continuous range of wavelength or at certain wavelengths only ?
How is the spectrum of absorption (dark) nebula ?
What is the main problem of telescopes on earth ?
What is the diameter of the milky way ?
Is the expansion of the universe going faster, slower or going still ?
What is the method used to accelerate probes going away ?
How are exoplanets generally detected ?
What's the pressure on Venus Surface ?
How many moons does Jupiter have in total ?
What is the resource available in craters on the south pole of the Moon ?
With does the Moon always shows the same side ?
Is a star with a negative magnitude very bright or not ?
What is the result of the collision of two spiral galaxies ?
What is the liquid cycle on Titan made of ?
What reach the surface after a 15 feet asteroid enters the atmosphere ?
How many times the earth would fit inside Jupiter ?
How many times the earth would fit inside the sun ?
What is the name of the plan containing all the planets' orbits ?
What are the objects responsible of the tides amplitude on Earth ?
Why scientists want to explore Europa or Enceladus ?
Name the five brightest stars
Where were created all the atoms of elements heavier than iron ?
What can we observe in the spectrum of X-Rays ?
What is the purpose of observing the sky in the InfraRed ?